So if we look at the notes,
because this is again more code
than you probably want to type.
This is the code that we're
going to kind of drop in.
And if we see an error, we can kind
of go deal with it in a second.
But it's basically going to
add a bunch of CSP headers,
because we take our current site.
Let's actually fix it first for a second.
I will tell you right now,
I think it gets a B+, no,
maybe less than a might get an F
from the Mozilla observatory,
just because it doesn't have all
the right headers that have been set.
It's like, hey, you should do this and
you should do these other things so
you don't get hacked.
Because one just doesn't do them for us.
So we don't have that kinda in place.
So what we want to do is,
we can go to observatory,
Mozilla, and you put in any site.
I'll show you the one that
I made kind of earlier,
which is superawesome.XYZ instead, I'm
clearly not good at coming up with names.
It will scan the site.
This is a version as the other one kind of
deploys to the previous yellow version.
This is a version that has
all the checks passing but
out of the box that is not how it works.
So we can go ahead let's say
that this redeploy, yes.
So now let's put in superawesome.click And
we'll go do another scan.
Got an F, that's not good,
we didn't do better than that we would
like to go from an F to an A+,
and again like I said like,
we've just got all we have to do is fix
some of the headers effectively all
I did was go through all the things that
it was yelling at me for and adjust them.
That's a little bit outside the scope of
this we kind of just look at it together.
But basically,
we wanna do is go through and
then as the request comes in
we modify all the headers,
setting them to just
the headers that should be set
right because this is the way
the ability to program or
CDN becomes fairly helpful so
let's go ahead and
just look at that so you can just see.
It's just setting the most important
ones in the Content-Security-Policy
which is like cool,
will allow only images for
myself Scripts from ourself styles from
our own domain, so on and so forth.
Turn off the X frame options,
so on and so forth.
These are just kind of the suggestions
just to prove that it worked.
Right now the server is Amazon s3,
cuz that's the origin.
I like a lot of times,
if your site in the header goes,
Ruby on Rails 4.0,
which was like end of life in 2015.
And the security
vulnerabilities are known,
you've just said a here's how to own me.
This is ours actually out
of the box says Amazon S3.
I have I think the hard part of
inventing your own framework is
that you need to name it first.
So welcome to my new
framework early on eels.
It doesn't exist yet, but that's as
far as anyone go to this website.
They don't know that, as far as I
know they're going to be looking for
the documentation for Erlang on eels and
this is how I become a thought leader,
so let's go ahead we will grab this
code and kind of put it in place.
There if you wanna try a different one.
There's a few other
recipes in here as well.
There's one where I get
the client side routes working.
They're kind of variations on a theme.
So let's actually look at
all of them real quick and
we'll pick which one we like the most.
I like the security header
ones cuz I need an A plus,
because I'm a millennial
who needs validation.
But if we want to handle
those client side routes.
So here we know that all of the client
side routes are notes, and then a number
and so we can basically look at the URI on
the request object we get from the event.
If it matches this note
slash possibly edit,
change it to URI on the way
in the cloud front,
which CloudFront will be like,
cool, I'll ask s3 for
index that HTML,
which will totally be okay.
And but like they won't change
the actual response header.
So it'll say CloudFront will say to s3,
give me index.
HTML will tell the browser.
I got notes slash zombie.
Here it is.
So we actually have our 200 3200s.
And our 404 will be 404s.
Now clearly,
I haven't have a simple app where like
notes slash a word will do the trick.
So what we did was we basically we knew
the general typography or application,
we had all the routes
pretty much specked out.
And so we had a little bit more
robust version of this for
the actual structure of our application.
But the same basic principle will
work in this case the security
headers we saw you can also
implement a redirect so
this would be an origin request so
if we leave the cache.
We can actually take generate our own
response before we ever touch s3,
respond to the request with this URL,
and they'll be redirected.
So you can do a whole bunch of stuff.
You can program the CDN in all sorts
of interesting and different ways.
It's just basically taking those
requests and responses and
doing various different
things with them as well.
So let's say,
it's a recall if you need to know,
nobody play right now we're recording.
It's the same video that you could expect
because I'm a child on the internet.
So let's go in here.
Let's grab this one.
If it doesn't work,
we'll do some debugging in a second
because I believe that was our issue.
So we'll go into lambda,
we will have our version one here it is.
in this case we're gonna go back to our
code now if you click on the code and
you try to type things It
looks like you have a cursor.
You can move around.
Doesn't do anything
till you hit edit code.
Then, it looks exactly the same, but
now you can type, so
we'll paste that in as well,
we'll save it, and deploy it.
Again, hitting deploy does not deploy
to cloud front, then you go to Actions,
Deploy to Lambda@Edge Look again,
hopefully, once you have this in place,
most of it should work.
This should be the viewer response.
On the way out, change the headers
in every way that we need so
that they pass the Mozilla test.
I acknowledge what I'm doing.
And that should go out at this point.
Awesome.
So successfully created version two or
your function associated with the cloud
front trigger, function has been
replicated across all the regions.
Great, our lambda edge did in fact cook.
Right as you can see it is it is running,
and
I just recently rebrand
the Mozilla observatory.
I can run it again if nobody believes me.
Will get to run at once
every five minutes.
So I ran out while
the opportunity was there.
And you can see we went
from an F previously
to an A+ just by fixing those headers.
And that is one of the powers of
the programmable CDN aspect here, right,
which is previously would have been,
well, this is what it does.
Wait for a feature to come out or
something along those lines the idea that
if you needed to modify stuff or
like I said set cookies or
do any custom logic that you can do it and
this is happening at the edge right close
to your users right like it depends
if you're still talking to a database
located in Des Moines then like you're
still gonna pay some of those costs.
But if you can like also set up, so
as few requests go back to that API,
is simply just get me the latest top
trending items for the Twitter sidebar.
That's not even necessarily,
possibly too much scope to a user.
There are things you can probably
move to the edge and cache.
And then obviously, a user's personal
stuff is usually probably unique to them.
But maybe you keep that with a TTL.
So they keep refreshing the page.
It's not slamming on your servers.
They're getting a cached version.
So maybe one even if you like, set a TTL
on something like that from down to 30
seconds that means one request gets
through every 30 seconds at that point.
And for the API's, there's a web
application firewall and stuff like that
you can use that origin shield you can do
even more protection around that as well.
For static assets,
we're mostly just trying to,
we know that we can basically store it for
a really long time,
until we cast the invalidation on
a deploy or something along those lines.